---
title: "T1E2: Previous Knowledge"
author: skrshe (Anunda. J. Green)
date: Sun May 16 07:44:51 PM
tags: gme
---

# Post up the previous knowledge that you have gained that will assist in this unit.

Pls Ramble on...
Previous knowledge that I have gained that I feel will help me in this unit include
The Cert III in Information Digital Media & Technology that I took at Townsville tafe in which I worked with computers. Installing operating systems and managing a simple network of ~3 virtual machines.

During highschool as part of a yr.12 for the Design and Technology project I worked with multiple 3d printers and in multiple makerspaces, namely the Hackerspace in Kuranda which is now closed, a makerspace in sydney and a makerspace at a student study building in Brisbane. Even before this project I had an interest in 3d printers and fabrication, the experience of working with these machines and in these coworking spaces.

As part of Visual Design in highschool I worked with photoshop and similar
software, learning about white space and other design elements. I think this
relates to my creative practice as a game developer, as appeal in games are
very dependent on their visual and interactive design elements.

Maths
Physics
I also did maths and physics in highschool

## Experiences

- Mindstorm classes with CSIRO
- I've been involved with various maker spaces alone the East Coast of Australia
- I've traveled extensively throughout Australia and have had journeyed around
the world. Previously visiting 11 different countries.
